---
title: IT blog 3 yr9
layout: post
author: cooper.cummings
permalink: /it-blog-3-yr9/
source-id: 10Bhmr1TAKgTh60bglfmHmLsXX1mgE4MUxdpVHnWqWFI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Starting the new year</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>N/A</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson</td>
    <td>To Upgrade our coder</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>At the beginning of my lesson, we talked a lot about what we would be covering. Instead of focusing on coding programs, like scratch and python, we would be learning to use all of the functions in things like google sheets. We have finished the code and will be expanding it next lesson. We have also created code for other assets that will be important in our future projects.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I did mess about a lot at the beginning, but after I started working hard and tried to get as far as I could in the lesson. I did make a mistake which caused my computer to freeze up but that merely set me back 5 minutes. It was not a huge problem, but one big enough to disrupt my workflow.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>There wasn't much to reflect on this week since it was mostly admin. But some things slipped my mind when I started to write this blog, so I will listen more carefully and be sure to try and remember all of the names and techniques for doing these things that he shows me. I will also create a decoder in my document next lesson. I should listen a bit more carefully because I forgot quite a few key points to the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


